feat: Implement Terraform code to automate Online Boutique GKE quickstart (#918)
GoogleCloudPlatform/microservices-demo: terraform/README.md

# Deploy Bank of Anthos sample application on an Anthos cluster

This page walks you through the steps required to deploy the [Online Boutique](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/microservices-demo) sample application on a GKE cluster using Terraform.

## Pre-requisites

> Setting up the sample requires that you have a [Google Cloud Platform (GCP) project](https://cloud.google.com/resource-manager/docs/creating-managing-projects#console), connected to your billing account.

Author: Thanks! I noticed this in a similar PR and decided it was useful for the user to have

## Deploying the sample application

Once you have ensured that all the pre-requisites are met, follow the steps below to create a GKE cluster and deploy the Online Boutique sample application:

1. Clone the repo:
`git clone https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/microservices-demo.git`
1. Move into the Terraform directory that has the installation scripts:
`cd microservices-demo/terraform`
1. Navigate into the *variables.tf* file and set the gcp_project_id variable to your Google Cloud project ID:
`default = "<project_id_here>"`
1. Initialize Terraform:
`terraform init`
1. See what resources will be created:
    `terraform plan`
1. Create the resources and deploy the sample:
    `terraform apply`

>     1. Note: This may take a while, do not interrupt the process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. Note: This may take about 10 minutes. Do not interrupt the process.
```

Providing a more precise time estimate is a better user experience.
It took me about 11 minutes for `terraform apply` to finish.

>     1. Note: This may take a while, do not interrupt the process.

Author: Good point, I can see users running terraform apply and leaving their computer before seeing the confirmation message

1. Once the Terraform script has finished, locate the frontend's external IP address to access the sample application:
    1. Option 1: `kubectl get service frontend-external | awk '{print $4}'`

>     2. Option 2: On Google Cloud Console, navigate to "Kubernetes Engine" and then "Services & Ingress" to locate the Endpoint associated with "frontend-external"

Author: Very valid suggestion, I'm also on the fence about this. Does anyone else have any opinions on this?

# Deploy Online Boutique sample application on a GKE cluster

This page walks you through the steps required to deploy the [Online Boutique](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/microservices-demo) sample application on a GKE ([Google Kubernetes Engine](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine)) cluster using Terraform.

## Pre-requisites

Setting up the sample requires that you have a [Google Cloud Platform (GCP) project](https://cloud.google.com/resource-manager/docs/creating-managing-projects#console), connected to your billing account.

## Deploying the sample application

Once you have ensured that all the pre-requisites are met, follow the steps below to create a GKE cluster and deploy the Online Boutique sample application:

1. Clone the repo:
`git clone https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/microservices-demo.git`
1. Move into the Terraform directory that has the installation scripts:

> `cd microservices-demo/terraform`

Reviewer 2: for commands that you want people to be able copy pasta, I would recommend changing this (and the other copy pasta-able cmds) to :
```
cd microservices-demo/terraform
```

Reviewer 2: sorry i just saw that it formatted, what i meant is having the 3 backticks ``` surrounding the text

1. Navigate into the *variables.tf* file and set the gcp_project_id variable to your Google Cloud project ID:

> `default = "<project_id_here>"`

Reviewer 2: did you explore wanting to have a `tfvars` file instead of editing the variables.tf file?

# Deploy Online Boutique sample application on a GKE cluster

This page walks you through the steps required to deploy the [Online Boutique](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/microservices-demo) sample application on a GKE ([Google Kubernetes Engine](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine)) cluster using Terraform.

## Pre-requisites

> 

Reviewer 3: Nit: Should use bullet points or numbered list, even if it is only one prerequisite.

> Setting up the sample requires that you have a [Google Cloud Platform (GCP) project](https://cloud.google.com/resource-manager/docs/creating-managing-projects#console), connected to your billing account.

Reviewer 3: Use active and imperative voice (generally application suggestion).
https://developers.google.com/tech-writing/one/active-voice

Suggestion:
1. [Create a new project or use an existing project](https://cloud.google.com/resource-manager/docs/creating-managing-projects#console) on Google Cloud Platform (GCP), and ensure [billing is enabled](https://cloud.google.com/billing/docs/how-to/verify-billing-enabled) on the project.

> ## Deploying the sample application

Reviewer 3: Active voice: "Deploy the sample application"

> ## Deploying the sample application

Reviewer 3: Nit: When using lists, leave one empty space between each step for consistency with other Markdown files.

> Once you have ensured that all the pre-requisites are met, follow the steps below to create a GKE cluster and deploy the Online Boutique sample application:

Reviewer 3: Sentence not necessary.

> 1. Clone the repo:

Reviewer 3: Clone the Github repository.

    ```
    git clone https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/microservices-demo.git
    ```

> 1. Move into the Terraform directory that has the installation scripts:

Reviewer 3: Nit: "1. Navigate to the `terraform/` directory which contains the Terraform installation scripts."

    ```
    cd microservices-demo/terraform
    ```

> 1. Navigate into the *variables.tf* file and set the gcp_project_id variable to your Google Cloud project ID: `default = "<project_id_here>"`

Reviewer 3: My understanding is that variables.tf file should contain variable declarations necessary for the installation, and optionally a default value. If a user-supplied overrides to a default values is desired, it should be done in a `terraform.tfvars` file, which gets automatically read by terraform. I would suggest having a similar setup here. See this PR for reference:

https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/bank-of-anthos/pull/881/files#diff-27eed1e914ea8c9ef555a47de926c6e96275c461a0ad124606dfd25eefc156f0

Author: Sounds good! This aligns with what @ckim328 has suggested so I will look to alter the implementation.

> 1. Navigate into the *variables.tf* file and set the gcp_project_id variable to your Google Cloud project ID: `default = "<project_id_here>"`

Reviewer 3: After moving the user-defined variables to a` terraform.tfvars` file:

Suggested rephrasing:
"1. Open the `terraform.tfvars` file and replace `<project_id_here>` with the [GCP Project ID](https://cloud.google.com/resource-manager/docs/creating-managing-projects?hl=en#identifying_projects) for the `gcp_project_id` variable.

> 1. Initialize Terraform:

Reviewer 3: End in period (.)
Same applies to all other steps.

    ```
    terraform init
    ```
1. See what resources will be created:
    ```
    terraform plan
    ```
1. Create the resources and deploy the sample:
    ```
    terraform apply
    ```

>     1. There will be a confirmation prompt. Type `yes` and hit Enter/Return.

Reviewer 3: 1. If there is a confirmation prompt, type `yes` and press Enter/Return.

>     1. Note: This may take about 10 minutes. Do not interrupt the process.

Reviewer 3: This is not a substep, and should therefore should not be numbered.

Suggestion:
"Note: This step can take up to 10 minutes to complete."

> 1. Once the Terraform script has finished, locate the frontend's external IP address to access the sample application:

Reviewer 3: The precondition "Once the Terraform script has finished" is not required. Numbering the step presumes the sequence.

>     1. Option 1: 

Reviewer 3: There options not substeps (sequenced), and therefore should be bullet points. Use '*' instead of '1.'

        ```
        kubectl get service frontend-external | awk '{print $4}'
        ```

>     1. Option 2: On Google Cloud Console, navigate to "Kubernetes Engine" and then "Services & Ingress" to locate the Endpoint associated with "frontend-external"

Reviewer 3: Might be helpful to include an image of the screen you are directing them to.

## Cleanup

> Once you have finished working with the sample, you can tear down the sample application and the cluster. 

Reviewer 3: Replace this with something similar to the standard Cleanup preamble in DevSite:
Include this, to align with DevSite:

"To avoid incurring charges to your Google Cloud account for the resources used in this sample application, either delete the project that contains the resources, or keep the project and delete the individual resources.

To remove the individual resources created for by Terraform without deleting the project:
1. Navigate to the `terraform/` directory.
1. Ru the following command:
```
terraform destory
```
     1. If there is a confirmation prompt. Type `yes` and press Enter/Return.
"
